.nh
.TH SuperProj(1) superproj User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
superproj-controller-manager -


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBsuperproj-controller-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The cloud miner controller manager is a daemon that embeds
the core control loops. In applications of robotics and
automation, a control loop is a non-terminating loop that regulates the state of
the system. In CloudMiner, a controller is a control loop that watches the shared
state of the miner through the superproj-apiserver and makes changes attempting to move the
current state towards the desired state.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--add_dir_header\fP=false
	If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages

.PP
\fB--alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--concurrent-gc-syncs\fP=20
	The number of garbage collector workers that are allowed to sync concurrently.

.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--enable-garbage-collector\fP=true
	Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube-apiserver.

.PP
\fB--feature-gates\fP=
	A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIPriorityAndFairness=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIServerIdentity=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
APIServerTracing=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllBeta=true|false (BETA - default=false)
AnyVolumeDataSource=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CPUManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CSIMigrationAzureFile=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CSIMigrationPortworx=true|false (BETA - default=false)
CSIMigrationRBD=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CSIMigrationvSphere=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CSINodeExpandSecret=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CSIVolumeHealth=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContainerCheckpoint=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContextualLogging=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CronJobTimeZone=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CustomResourceValidationExpressions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DelegateFSGroupToCSIDriver=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DisableCloudProviders=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DownwardAPIHugePages=true|false (BETA - default=true)
EndpointSliceTerminatingCondition=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ExpandedDNSConfig=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA - default=false)
GRPCContainerProbe=true|false (BETA - default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority=true|false (BETA - default=true)
HPAContainerMetrics=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
HonorPVReclaimPolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
IPTablesOwnershipCleanup=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAWSUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureDiskUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureFileUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginGCEUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginOpenStackUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginPortworxUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginRBDUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginvSphereUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
JobMutableNodeSchedulingDirectives=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobPodFailurePolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
JobReadyPods=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobTrackingWithFinalizers=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KMSv2=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletCredentialProviders=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeletInUserNamespace=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeletPodResourcesGetAllocatable=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeletTracing=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LegacyServiceAccountTokenNoAutoGeneration=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LogarithmicScaleDown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LoggingAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LoggingBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MaxUnavailableStatefulSet=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MemoryManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MemoryQoS=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=false)
MixedProtocolLBService=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MultiCIDRRangeAllocator=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NetworkPolicyStatus=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NodeSwap=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
OpenAPIEnums=true|false (BETA - default=true)
OpenAPIV3=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodDeletionCost=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodDisruptionConditions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodHasNetworkCondition=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ProbeTerminationGracePeriod=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ProxyTerminatingEndpoints=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ReadWriteOncePod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (BETA - default=true)
RetroactiveDefaultStorageClass=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
SeccompDefault=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ServerSideFieldValidation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ServiceIPStaticSubrange=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ServiceInternalTrafficPolicy=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SizeMemoryBackedVolumes=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StatefulSetAutoDeletePVC=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StorageVersionAPI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyAwareHints=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
UserNamespacesStatelessPodsSupport=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
VolumeCapacityPriority=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (BETA - default=true)
WindowsHostProcessContainers=true|false (BETA - default=true)

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP=false
	help for superproj-controller-manager

.PP
\fB--kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect\fP=true
	Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-lease-duration\fP=15s
	The duration that non-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-renew-deadline\fP=10s
	The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-lock\fP="leases"
	The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are 'leases', 'endpointsleases' and 'configmapsleases'.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-name\fP="superproj-controller-manager"
	The name of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-namespace\fP="kube-system"
	The namespace of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-retry-period\fP=2s
	The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--log-flush-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB--log-json-info-buffer-size\fP=0
	[Alpha] In JSON format with split output streams, the info messages can be buffered for a while to increase performance. The default value of zero bytes disables buffering. The size can be specified as number of bytes (512), multiples of 1000 (1K), multiples of 1024 (2Ki), or powers of those (3M, 4G, 5Mi, 6Gi). Enable the LoggingAlphaOptions feature gate to use this.

.PP
\fB--log-json-split-stream\fP=false
	[Alpha] In JSON format, write error messages to stderr and info messages to stdout. The default is to write a single stream to stdout. Enable the LoggingAlphaOptions feature gate to use this.

.PP
\fB--log_backtrace_at\fP=:0
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB--log_dir\fP=""
	If non-empty, write log files in this directory (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--log_file\fP=""
	If non-empty, use this log file (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--log_file_max_size\fP=1800
	Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to (no effect when -logtostderr=true). Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.

.PP
\fB--logging-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "json" (gated by LoggingBetaOptions), "text".
Non-default formats don't honor these flags: --add-dir-header, --alsologtostderr, --log-backtrace-at, --log-dir, --log-file, --log-file-max-size, --logtostderr, --one-output, --skip-headers, --skip-log-headers, --stderrthreshold, --vmodule.
Non-default choices are currently alpha and subject to change without warning.

.PP
\fB--logtostderr\fP=true
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB--master\fP=""
	The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig).

.PP
\fB--metrics-bind-address\fP=""
	The IP address with port for the metrics server to serve on (set to '0.0.0.0:10249' for all IPv4 interfaces and '[::]:10249' for all IPv6 interfaces). Set empty to disable. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--mysql-database\fP=""
	Database name for the server to use.

.PP
\fB--mysql-host\fP="127.0.0.1:3306"
	MySQL service host address. If left blank, the following related mysql options will be ignored.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-connection-life-time\fP=10s
	Maximum connection life time allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-idle-connections\fP=100
	Maximum idle connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-open-connections\fP=100
	Maximum open connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-password\fP=""
	Password for access to mysql, should be used pair with password.

.PP
\fB--mysql-username\fP=""
	Username for access to mysql service.

.PP
\fB--node-image\fP="ccr.ccs.tencentyun.com/marmotedu/tbb:v1.0.0"
	The blockchain node image used by default.

.PP
\fB--one_output\fP=false
	If true, only write logs to their native severity level (vs also writing to each lower severity level; no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--skip_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB--skip_log_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid headers when opening log files (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr when writing to files and stderr (no effect when -logtostderr=true or -alsologtostderr=false)

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging (only works for text log format)


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the marmotedu source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
