.nh
.TH SuperProj(1) superproj User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
superproj-minerset-controller -


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBsuperproj-minerset-controller\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The cloud minerset controller is a daemon that embeds
the core control loops. In applications of robotics and
automation, a control loop is a non-terminating loop that regulates the state of
the system. In CloudMiner, a controller is a control loop that watches the shared
state of the minerset through the superproj-apiserver and makes changes attempting to move the
current state towards the desired state.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--add_dir_header\fP=false
	If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages

.PP
\fB--alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--config\fP=""
	The path to the configuration file.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP=false
	help for superproj-minerset-controller

.PP
\fB--kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB--log-flush-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB--log-json-info-buffer-size\fP=0
	[Alpha] In JSON format with split output streams, the info messages can be buffered for a while to increase performance. The default value of zero bytes disables buffering. The size can be specified as number of bytes (512), multiples of 1000 (1K), multiples of 1024 (2Ki), or powers of those (3M, 4G, 5Mi, 6Gi). Enable the LoggingAlphaOptions feature gate to use this.

.PP
\fB--log-json-split-stream\fP=false
	[Alpha] In JSON format, write error messages to stderr and info messages to stdout. The default is to write a single stream to stdout. Enable the LoggingAlphaOptions feature gate to use this.

.PP
\fB--log_backtrace_at\fP=:0
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB--log_dir\fP=""
	If non-empty, write log files in this directory (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--log_file\fP=""
	If non-empty, use this log file (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--log_file_max_size\fP=1800
	Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to (no effect when -logtostderr=true). Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.

.PP
\fB--logging-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "json" (gated by LoggingBetaOptions), "text".
Non-default formats don't honor these flags: --add-dir-header, --alsologtostderr, --log-backtrace-at, --log-dir, --log-file, --log-file-max-size, --logtostderr, --one-output, --skip-headers, --skip-log-headers, --stderrthreshold, --vmodule.
Non-default choices are currently alpha and subject to change without warning.

.PP
\fB--logtostderr\fP=true
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB--master\fP=""
	The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig).

.PP
\fB--one_output\fP=false
	If true, only write logs to their native severity level (vs also writing to each lower severity level; no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--skip_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB--skip_log_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid headers when opening log files (no effect when -logtostderr=true)

.PP
\fB--stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr when writing to files and stderr (no effect when -logtostderr=true or -alsologtostderr=false)

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging (only works for text log format)

.PP
\fB--write-config-to\fP=""
	If set, write the default configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the marmotedu source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
